goal.makeleatherhelmet=Crafting Leather Cap
goal.makeleatherchest=Crafting Leather Tunic
goal.makeleatherlegs=Crafting Leather Pants
goal.makeleatherboots=Crafting Leather Boots
goal.makesteelhelmet=Crafting Iron Helmet
goal.makesteelchest=Crafting Iron Chestplate
goal.makesteellegs=Crafting Iron Leggings
goal.makesteelboots=Crafting Iron Boots
goal.makegoldhelmet=Crafting Gold Helmet
goal.makegoldchest=Crafting Gold Chestplate
goal.makegoldlegs=Crafting Gold Leggings
goal.makegoldboots=Crafting Gold Boots
goal.makediamondhelmet=Crafting Diamond Helmet
goal.makediamondchest=Crafting Diamond Chestplate
goal.makediamondlegs=Crafting Diamond Leggings
goal.makediamondboots=Crafting Diamond Boots
goal.makewoodensword=Crafting Wooden Sword
goal.makestonesword=Crafting Stone Sword
goal.makesteelsword=Crafting Iron Sword
goal.makegoldsword=Crafting Gold Sword
goal.makediamondsword=Crafting Diamond Sword